[MUSIC]
We'll talk about Twitter.
We'll start talking about Twitter
in this lecture and its API and
how you can get the Raspberry Pi
to interact with Twitter.
So Twitter's API, they have an API,
Raspberry Pi can run several SDKs for
their API.
So, you can download a bunch of different
libraries, we'll use on in particular.
But you can download several
different libraries and
use them to access twitter functions.
Raspberry Pi can make tweets.
You can just connect and make a tweet.
Also Raspberry Pi can respond to tweets.
Oh by the way I should
mention that these tweets,
when you make a tweet it's
called updating status.
And that is actually going to be important
to us because that's the name of
the function that we're
going to use to make a tweet.
But when I say make a tweet
I mean update status.
And Raspberry Pi can respond to tweets.
So, not only can it send tweets,
it can look through tweets and
do something if a tweet occurs,
or something like that.
So, it may look for a tag,
maybe you want to search for
tags of a different type and look at
the text in those or something like that.
But, it's a two-way thing.
So, Raspberry Pi can send tweets,
but also it can receive tweets and
scan through tweets.
So Twython is the package
that we will use so
that is the SDK that we are going
to use to access Twitter's API.
There are other ones we could use but
Twython is pretty good,
lots of good documentation on it.
So first thing you're going to
want to do is install it.
Here are the three lines of code that
you're going to have to use to install it.
First you do an app get update
which is a good idea in general
just to do the update.
But then you do an app get install
Python pip and then pip install Twython.
So Python pip is an installer for
Python packages.
So what you're doing first is installing
the installer, the Pip installer.
And then, you're using
the installer to install Twython.
But, this is easy,
just type in these three lines.
It should just work cleanly.
Okay, now, if you want to
make an app that interacts with Twitter,
you have to register that app first.
It won't allow you access unless
you've already registered and
you have the keys to prove
that you registered.
So you've gotta register
the app to access their API.
Now to start with that, start that off,
you need a Twitter account.
So I'm going to assume that
you get a Twitter account.
They're free,
it's very quick to get a Twitter account.
Just go to Twitter and get an account.
So, you start with that.
Then you're going to need several keys for
authentication, actually in our case,
they're going to be four different
keys that you're going to need for
authentication.
So these four keys will be
hard coded interior code, and
they'll be sent in the messages.
When you establish a connection
with Twitter servers,
you going to send these keys and
Twitter will use those keys.
So the Twitter API,
or SDK rather, Twython is going to use
those keys in establishing a connection.
And sending them or
the equivalent of sending them.
It won't send them directly, but
those keys are going to be used
on the receiving end, on the server end
to authenticate who you are, right?
To authenticate that you are this
person who registered previously.
So you need these four keys in order to
to be able to interact and use the API.
So to get these keys you
need to register you apps.
So will go to the steps
of registering an app.
This is the first you going to want to do.
Before you have the app,
you just register it like this.
So you start of,
go to http://apps.twitter.com.
So start off by going there.
And you get a page looks like this.
And it's pretty simple, Twitter apps,
and it should be blank,
this is how mine was when I
first did this, is just blank.
And there's a button in there that
says create new app so go ahead and
click on that and that's how you start.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]